Sun Life Community Church came into being as the result of a compelling vision for a different kind of church.
Interested in what we call the Sun Life, experiencing and sharing the life of God's Son?
Perhaps your heart is burdened these days.
We invite you to allow the Word of God through the words of this message to bring rest to your soul and joy to your heart.
Heavenly Father, the Word of God, if only today somebody somewhere had dug up a 2,000-year-old copy of the Scriptures that had not been known for all these 2,000 years, we would treat it like gold.
We would treat it like gold.
We would say we've talked about these things for all these years.
Men and women of faith had shared their testimony.
They talked about these things as best they could remember them, but here now we have a book.
It's the actual book, the words of God.
Oh, Father, we would treasure that.
To even look at it, we would feel privy.
Now, Father, every one of us in this room has access to that book, either in written form or in some other form.
And Father, help us for this moment, just to treasure it, just that highly, to realize the Word of God is alive and it's powerful.
It can pierce right into the heart of us and show us things that we didn't know were there, can teach us things that we had not yet learned.
Father, make your word of God by the power of the Holy Spirit.
Accomplish that in our hearts today for we ask it in Jesus' name and for the greater glory of His glorious church.
Amen.
Today's message is entitled, How Noble Are We?
How many of you think you're pretty noble?
That's good, that's good.
Because Paul himself said in this world, not many noble were called.
So we're in good shape.
But the word is in our scripture today.
It's the only time it's used really other than Paul's dismissal in the entire New Testament.
It's found in a passage that explains some things that are explained nowhere else.
And so of course we couldn't skip over it.
Here it is.
That title, how noble are we, and let me just say before we're done, I want you to go home feeling pretty noble, okay?
I want you to say when it comes to being noble, I mean, I'm right up there.
At least be open to the possibility as we look what God's Word says about no-bullness in this passage.
So here we go, question how noble are we?
I hope we'll say a lot.
That title is suggested by a key observation found in today's key scripture.
Now today's key scripture is only three verses long.
Acts chapter 17, verses 10, 11, and 12.
And we're gonna read it right now.
And you just see as I read, as you follow along, if you can just pick right out that key observation that suggests the title of this message.
So here we go.
Acts 17 verse 10, as soon as it was night, the believers, that would be the believers in Thessalonica where Paul and Silas and Timothy and who's the other guy?
Luke, the writer, where they were last week, going through those experiences, as soon as it was night, the believers
Those there in Thessalonica sent Paul and Silas away to Berea.
Now that's the next town.
It's actually 45 miles on down the road from Thessalonica.
On arriving there, they went to the Jewish synagogue.
Now the Berean Jews were of more noble character than those in Thessalonica.
For they received the message with great eagerness and examined the scriptures every day to see if what Paul said was true.
As a result, many of them believed as did a number of prominent Greek women and many Greek men.
I wonder how long it was before the folks in Thessalonica got to read those words.
They are being compared to the church down the road.
Where's Tina Hill?
Stand up there right there.
Read what's on her shirt today.
Ain't no church like, what does the rest of us say?
Like the one I got.
I imagine the Thessalonians felt that way until they read the book of Acts.
Looks like Bereas, not sure so above us.
We're gonna have to do something about that.
So here we're seeing this.
The key observation of course in here is that the Berean Jews were of more noble character than those in
Thessalonica.
Now, naturally, God being so gracious, so kind, so fair, why would the Holy Spirit have Luke write such a thing, such an observation?
Why would he do it?
And as I said to you before, nobody else, this has not been said about anybody else in the whole New Testament.
Luke didn't even use the word noble ever again.
But here he did.
And so we can't avoid it.
Because the question that comes out of it is, of course, how noble were we?
What made them noble in Luke's eyes?
What about these people caught the attention of God to put a word on them that is really pretty high and impressive?
How noble were we then?
Are there any hints in this passage of what it takes to be noble in the eyes of God, in the eyes of Christ as he's the head of our church, this church that nobody's got one like?
Well, how well do we match up to those noble burians?
Well, such a question based upon the text leads to these, what I'm calling three diagnostic questions.
We could be asking, what were they like?
But we're going to take it to the application and say, are we like that?
Are we like that?
So here's three diagnostic questions each of us can ask ourselves as we go through this scripture.
Number one, are we, and of course you know you can say for yourself, am I?
You know, I hate to use names.
And say, John, are you, you know, are you,
So we'll just say we, the whole collective bunch of us, but you say I.
This is a self-diagnosis thing.
So are we eager to learn new spiritual truths?
Well, here's what Luke said about those Bereans.
Verse 11, first part, they received the message with great eagerness.
Those Bereans, this is a brand new message.
They're Jews all right, but Paul is coming as an apostle of Jesus Christ, the Savior, the world, the fulfillment of all the Old Testament promises, and they, these Bereans, receive the message with great eagerness.
Now, before we look down too much on those Thessalonians, let me just point out, the Thessalonians did too.
So this is part of being, you know,
ready and being noble.
But Paul, when he wrote a couple of years later to the Thessalonians, a letter of encouragement, he writes in 1 Thessalonians chapter 1 verse 6, he says to them, you welcome the message with joy given by the Holy Spirit.
So see, they did too.
Received it eagerly.
received it with joy.
The receiving of this good news from Jesus Christ through the Apostle Paul, both groups of Jewish people received it.
Eagerly, new spiritual truths.
Are we like that?
Are we eager to learn new spiritual truths?
The Thessalonians were.
Apparently the Bereans were.
Here's a verse that's one of my favorite.
Mark chapter 12 verse 37, it's really
You almost say, my ministry verse, at least a stimulation in ministry, we read here, the people of Jesus' day responded to Jesus in that way.
Mark chapter 12, 37 says, the common people heard him gladly.
Now, not one of you raised your hand when I asked him, how many noble are here?
Let me ask it this way.
How many common folk do we have in here?
You know, just ordinary regular common people, you know, not high and just common people.
The Bible says the ordinary people, the working people, the common people, not the rich and the wealthy, the Roman politicians, the common people, when Jesus came around and started to teach the truths of God, they heard him gladly.
They received it to use our term today, eagerly.
Now, this should be true of us.
This should be true of us too, because new truths are always being made known.
See, you don't have to raise your hand and I wouldn't even ask you to go on record.
How many of you have this book completely memorized?
You know everything in it.
Every truth of the Christian faith, if somebody, if God needed to have one person on the face of the earth to go to a place where people had never even heard the name of Jesus,
Could he pick one of us in here to have every part of it nailed down?
Are we still learning?
Still learning.
Okay, well, here's what Jesus said, John 14, 13.
He said, when the Holy Spirit comes, now these are men who had walked with Jesus for three years.
These are men who had been raised their whole life on the Old Testament.
They were Jewish men.
They were fervent men.
They were followers of Christ.
And yet Jesus said to them, some of them who were gonna write
Scriptures themselves.
He says that when the Holy Spirit comes, He will guide you into all truth.
But you won't get it on the first day of the week.
That all truth is a lot of truth.
That means the Holy Spirit keeps guiding and guiding and guiding and say, here's a little bit more, here's a little bit more, here's a little bit more.
And that's what the Holy Spirit does.
And so that would suggest that we are forever having chances.
to receive the Word of God eagerly, to say, that is something I never heard before.
That's something I didn't realize before.
I've read that passage a hundred times, but today it just grabbed my heart and it thrilled me.
It thrilled me.
It's an ongoing process.
Jesus could have easily added
When the Holy Spirit comes, He will guide you into all truth.
Jesus could have added and He will fill your hearts with joy when He does.
He will fill your hearts with joy.
Paul says to the Thessalonians, you've received it with joy.
Luke says the Bereans received it with great eagerness.
And so we ask ourselves, are we eager, still eager to learn new spiritual truth?
Now based upon this passage, I would say that having an eager heart to learn new spiritual truths is a true sign of nobility in the faith.
We should never be content to just know what we know.
All of us know some things, right?
We should never say, and that's good enough for me.
That's all I need to know.
I know how to get saved.
I got saved.
We're done with complicated things.
We should never be content to just know what we know.
We should always be eager to learn something new.
Now, we're getting close to the 30th anniversary of Sun Life Community Church.
And I've been here since day one.
Some of you have also been.
So some of you have listened to me for nearly 30 years.
Some of you have listened to me for 30 minutes, and it seems like 30 years.
How many of you over the time you've been here, even if this is your first time here, would say, I learned something from him?
Yeah, there's stuff.
Thank you.
I've got a dime for you afterwards.
Always, she says.
See, we should always be eager to learn something new, and that includes me.
Because lots of times, if I'm sharing with you something that's new to you, chances are it's pretty new to me.
We never exhaust this book and how the Holy Spirit applies it.
So the thing is, are we eager to learn new spiritual truths?
I believe that's why we're here.
Really, we're also here to worship God and all these things, but we're here to continue to learn what God has for us to know.
And knowing His truth brings joy and peace and comfort and confidence in what we're doing in this world.
So that's the first thing.
However, the Thessalonians, Paul says they've received the message with joy, but Luke tells us that in contrast to the Thessalonians,
The Bereans were more noble.
The Thessalonians were noble.
They were eager to receive the word of God, the truth of God.
But the Bereans were more noble in that he then says, having received Paul's message with great eagerness, they then took a step which leads to this second diagnostic question.
Do we examine the scripture carefully
when we encounter what we believe is new spiritual truth.
Acts 17, also verse 11, Luke says, they, the Bereans, they examine the scriptures every day to see if what Paul said was true.
That lets us know Paul was talking every day.
When Paul went to a town, he didn't just go in on the Sabbath day and then kind of kick back all week,
He was visiting, talking, sharing, proclaiming, and every day they were hearing something that they said, we need to check that out.
We need to be sure that's biblical.
Now keep in mind, their Bible was the Old Testament.
None of the New Testament had been written yet.
The Book of Acts was being lived.
It hadn't been written down yet.
Paul's letters hadn't been written yet.
The gospels very likely hadn't really been written and circulated broadly yet.
And so their scriptures were the Old Testament.
The last ones having been written 400 years before Jesus was born.
These were the word of God to the Jewish people.
These are the word of God still to us.
And they examined those scriptures.
every day to see if what Paul was saying would match up with what the Scriptures already said, where they consistent with what he was saying.
And so you see, those Bereans had a commitment to Scripture that would keep them from being led astray by some teacher of false doctrine.
Any of you ever hear somebody
preaching, teaching, and you say, that's garbage.
That's it, right?
That isn't true, but sometimes the guy's very believable, and you can tell there's people just taking in everything he's saying.
The reason you say it's not true is because you know something about God's word that that doesn't match up with.
Well, that's a noble thing to do.
The Bereans were doing that.
You see, these Berean Jews
For them, that something knew that they were eager to receive had to be biblically true before they would act upon it, before they'd commit themselves to it.
See, so we've said they were Jews, of course.
They understood they loved the ways of God is laid out in the Scriptures, the Old Testament.
They were committed to God's Word.
So think for a moment.
Just take one example, what the Old Testament, the Scriptures are just full of, that weaves all the way through, that actually affects the way they live their lives every single day, every single week, at every festival of the year.
Think of this, those Jews, all Jews, they understood the reason and the symbolism of the sacrificial system, for instance.
They knew that they were sinners,
They knew that they sinned.
They knew that they fell short of perfection.
They also knew that their loving, faithful God, just God, had provided away their sins could be taken care of.
Their sins could be forgiven.
The wages of sin is death.
They understood that.
Paul would write that in his letter to the Romans.
They knew that, but rather than them dying for their own sins.
The Almighty God.
had chosen that he would accept the sacrifice of an innocent life on behalf of the guilty to pay for sin.
And going all the way back to the night of the Exodus, when they left Egypt, and the angel of death was going to go through the whole land.
And the people were told if they took the blood of the land and put it on the
head and the doorposts of their house in a rough kind of sign of a cross that that angel of death would see that death had already been experienced in that house.
The death of an innocent lamb and no death would be required of the sinners who lived in that place.
See, they understood that.
all through the years an innocent life would be sacrificed as a payment for sin.
These men had brought such sacrifices and believed in their effectiveness for their entire lives.
Many of them had no doubt even made what would be a pretty incredible trip to Jerusalem at least once in their lifetime for the day of atonement, even though they lived all the way on the other side of the Mediterranean Sea.
You see, it was no easy task to live in accord with the system that God had laid down through Moses, but there had been a system.
How do you explain to a little child?
How do you explain to someone who loves this furry little lamb that's part of your family, maybe, that you've even named, and yet this is a lamb that's been designated to be our substitute?
Because we sin, we fall short of
of God's commandment and God in His mercy toward us would allow this innocent life to be taken in our place.
There would be tears shed at those sacrifices.
There'd have to be, even as there were tears shed on Calvary that day, when people didn't even fully understand what was happening.
Oh, these men.
who all their lives, from the time they were little boys, and had grown up with this kind of, in some sense, a horrible sacrificial system, and yet a necessary one.
How it must have struck their hearts.
How exciting it must have been for them to hear from the mouth of the Apostle Paul that the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, their God,
had in these days provided a single, perfect, once for all sacrifice that would provide forgiveness for all men, Jew and Gentile, who would put their faith in it.
Never again would they have that conversation with their children.
Never again would there be an innocent animal dying so that they wouldn't have to, to hear that God had found a way
Just one sacrifice would take care of everyone's sin if they would just trust themselves to it.
Oh, how challenging.
Though it must have been difficult for them to hear what they questioned.
Who is the sacrifice?
How could that be?
One for all of us, for all time.
How it must have challenged them to hear that
that one perfect sacrifice was actually God's own eternal son, who had descended from heaven, taken upon himself human flesh, lived a perfectly sinless life, and then gave himself willingly on Calvary as a substitute for Saul.
Could such a thing even be?
did the scriptures that they treasure even hint at such a thing?
Compare what Paul was saying with the scriptures we love and adore and have followed all our lives.
Do these scriptures even hint at something like that?
Or is this just the most incredible story a man ever came up with to get us away from our own obligations, our own necessities, and even the pain of our own obedience to the things of God?
Was this just some fanciful notion of this former Pharisee, Paul, from Tarsus?
Could such a thing even be?
And so they examined the scriptures and no doubt Paul assisted them.
For he was a Pharisee.
They knew he knew the scriptures forwards and backwards.
And so they looked.
to see if such a plan and provision could be found in them.
Anywhere in the Old Testament does it suggest a substitute for sinful man.
Anywhere in the Old Testament does it suggest anything like what had taken place in the life of Jesus Christ and what happened on Calvary.
I'd just say imagine their delight.
Imagine their delight when they, of course, discovered that such a thing
is exactly what their old worn out scrolls prophesied.
I tell you, when I picture those men with the Apostle Paul, no doubt, engaging in such a practice and discovering such joy with finding such long prophesied truths, I think of those two discouraged disciples
on Easter afternoon, Resurrection Day itself, who had Jesus come along beside them and they are downcast, they are distraught.
The one that they thought was going to be the Savior, the world somehow had been crucified brutally and ugly and three days had gone by another walking home and it's like, can we believe any of what he said?
And why?
Why?
If he was God's Messiah, would he suffer and die like that?
How could you let those men win?
And it says, Jesus came up beside them, asked them why they were so downcast, why they were so, we would say at least few years ago, bummed out.
And he says, don't you know the scriptures?
Don't you know the scriptures?
And since they had a long walk,
He opened the scriptures, which means he just quoted from his head.
They didn't have a whole bunch of scrolls with him.
He started with Moses, the first five books of the Bible, and he took them all the way through explaining how this one that God would send, this ultimate sacrifice, how he must, the very prophesy Messiah, how he must suffer and give his life.
as John the Baptist said, as the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world.
Can you imagine their joy?
We've read it every Easter.
Imagine their joy when they say, well, yes, yes.
I see it now.
I see it now with eagerness, they receive it.
And as Jesus stood in front of them, their eyes were opened and they saw it was Him.
And then He vanished from their sight.
And the Bible tells us they were so thrilled.
They hurried all the seven miles back to Jerusalem to tell the disciples, the Lord has appeared to us.
And here's what his death has meant.
Remember what they said?
What they said to each other when Jesus got done talking to them.
It's in Luke chapter 24 verse 32.
They said, did not our hearts burn within us as he opened the scriptures?
us."
Well, years later now, it was these Berean men whose hearts and minds were set on fire by the scriptural confirmation of the incredible truth that had been brought to them by the Apostle Paul.
Paul had said it.
Their hearts and minds had eagerly opened to it, and the Word of God to which they were completely committed confirmed it.
They would certainly agree with me today when I say there are few things.
There are few things in this world greater than discovering that some bit of spiritual teaching that has thrilled your heart is absolutely biblically sound.
And you don't say it was just too good to be true.
Now you discover this thing you've heard that explains some work of God, some truth of God, some application of the Spirit of God that just thrills you that such a thing could be and then you discover the Bible absolutely says that it is so.
Not just made up in your own head, not just somebody's imaginations, but the Bible declares this is true and I just discovered it or it was just explained to me and it's like joy floods into your heart and it's like this.
this whole thing's just been taken up a notch.
Right here in this place, this church like no other, right here in this place over the past few years, we've been discovering, for instance, I know you have, I have, that there's far more to the Christian life than just getting saved and then telling other people how to get saved.
It's been an exciting thing for many to discover that
coming to actually know God.
To know God, our Heavenly Father, our Abba Father, in a multifaceted way to be sure that there is a relationship we have with Him that Jesus said, why that's eternal life itself.
Do you know God?
Do you know Him in the way He wants to be known?
See, how good to discover that knowing God is the essence of the Christian life and that becoming like Christ
is the ultimate objective of that Christian life.
It's a lifelong thing.
The story is being written every day in our lives and we're reading as it were while the ink is still wet on the page.
We're involved in this thing with the living God.
We're involved in this thing with our Savior Himself overseeing His church from heaven involved with the Spirit of God who is walking us into and through everything that takes place
in our lives.
It's been exciting to discover that tucked away in the gospels is Jesus' own explanation of how such knowledge of the Father can be gained and how such growth into Christ's likeness can be obtained.
It's been new.
It's been new for many of us to discover that the Scripture identifies
and highlights the powerful, productive work of God's Holy Spirit in the plan of God for the building of Christ's Church and specifically for the development of us individually as followers of Christ.
Jesus is not Himself, the everyday hands-on moulder of our lives.
Our exalted Lord is in heaven doing things that are unbelievable on our behalf.
But it's the Holy Spirit whom Jesus sent to us who is the one that fills that role day by day in our lives, to mold us, to teach us, to guide us, to oversee us, to protect us, to encourage us.
The Spirit of God is our ever-present companion, our daily companion.
And he walks us into the fullness of the Christian life and the scriptures.
The scriptures confirm his place and purpose in God's great overall design.
Those are the truths.
Those are the truths the Bible undeniably proclaims and it's certainly been a delight of my life to share some of those proclamations.
So then the third thing, third thing in this nobleness test
Do we enthusiastically embrace new, scripturally sound teaching?
We hear a thing.
It's confirmed to us that it's biblically sound, biblically correct, then what do we do with it?
Do we embrace it?
Do we incorporate it into our lives?
Do we commit ourselves fully to it?
Here we read in Acts 17 verse 11 still.
Many of them, that would be the Jewish men in the synagogue, believed as well as a number of prominent Greek women and many Greek men.
Ladies in this church, do you realize how often already in the book of Acts we've found out that women play a big role?
I don't know how that ever got messed up or some kind of competition
Everywhere we go, there's a prominent woman.
Truth of it is a lot of women are just prominent.
They make a difference wherever they are, and they make a difference for Christ when they give their life to Christ.
They make a difference in a church of Jesus Christ when they're in that church.
They are unafraid to wear a T-shirt that says, nobody's got a church like the one I got.
See, this was true there.
Remember?
In Philippi it was Lydia, a prominent woman.
Here there was a number of prominent Greek women and many Greek men.
They embraced this scripturally sound spiritual truth with delight.
The truth of Jesus Christ, Savior of the world.
And as they did, I have no doubt there were shouts of acclamation heard in the courts of heaven, souls and been saved that day.
Truth had been embraced, and Paul himself had been accepted as a spokesman for the Savior.
The very role that Jesus Christ had chosen him to have.
No small deal that Luke is reporting right here.
I would believe that was one of those moments when the pains of Paul's previous persecutions must have been eased just a bit.
to say yes.
I'm getting a chance to do what Jesus called me to do.
I'm getting to see the spirit of God open the eyes and the hearts of people to the truth of God, and souls are being saved, and a church is being formed, and people who love God have now come to embrace the work of God in Jesus Christ.
I'm sure Paul could have said, man, if I died today and went to heaven, it would be enough.
It would be enough.
I don't care that I've been stoned and nearly killed because this moment here outshines it all, overcomes it all.
And so we just say as I close, so how about us?
How about you?
Just let me personalize it just this way and then we're done.
One, do you enthusiastically embrace new
Scripturally sound teaching when you hear it.
If you know beyond the shadow of a doubt, it's scripturally true.
It's scripturally sound, but it's new to you, maybe in the way you live your life, maybe in the way you understand something.
If you know it's biblically true, do you receive it?
Do you open your heart to it?
Secondly, how are you doing in your understanding of the Holy Spirit's ministry in your life?
Do you really place your hand in His each and every day?
Do you allow Him to set the direction and the pace of your daily life?
Do you make use of the tool that has been put together for us in this church to use?
I forgot a copy of it right over here.
It's kind of a big tool.
It's a whole tool box.
It's a 400-page book.
And you know what's in here?
It says, walking with Numa in that 400-page book.
There's 186 direct lessons from the Holy Spirit himself on how we are to live our life, all based on scripture.
If you went through them one by one and take you six months to go through them, but I guarantee you, there is not a more comprehensive discipleship manual anywhere to take us through every aspect of our Christian life, that the Bible, the New Testament says, should be part of it.
talking about the character of Christ and how we grow into that, talking about the armor of God and how we put on every piece and how it guards us, talking about the attributes of our Abba Father and how those should just thrill us.
Give yourself to it.
You can find it yourself in your own Bible, but here in this book it's laid out for you in an organized fashion and so many of you have
have found it to be a tool that's helpful to grow as a disciple.
Do you come to church on a Sunday morning with an intention to encounter the goodness and greatness of our Heavenly Father?
Or do you come to be pumped up, have fun, whatever it might be?
Say that wasn't bad.
Do you come on a Sunday morning?
to once again encounter the goodness and greatness of your heavenly Father, and to once again bow submissively before Him.
And to have that thought in your mind when you head out those doors, my life is His.
My life belongs to Him.
He is guiding me.
He is my Savior.
He is my Father.
My life is His.
Do you regularly read the scripture to seek out the truths that lie within its pages?
And are you ready whenever you do that to be surprised and changed?
Well, I trust heads are nodding here.
And you say, that's me.
That's me.
That's what these folks here around me are all about.
That's what this church is all about.
This is what we believe the Bible has been given to us for.
This is what we think.
and understand is the role of the Holy Spirit in our lives.
We're just like putty in his hands and he's making us into something awesome for God's glory.
And we keep seeking it out.
Final thought just says this.
If God were to evaluate me on the basis of my openness to new biblically sound spiritual truth,
How would I stack up?
Don't ever be those people who say, I've heard it all.
I don't need to know anymore.
Don't be those people who have your favorite part of the Bible and then the rest of it.
We had a little lady who I trust knows better than this now, because 40 years ago she was old.
So I believe she knows better than this now.
First church that I was in,
After a Bible study one morning, we're in the back of the church, and we had gone through something that was one of Paul's letters, and I made some comment to her as we were just talking about things.
Some directive of how we live our life, and she says this to me, well, that's just Paul.
That's just Paul.
I don't pay any attention to Paul.
Well, that's a bunch of the New Testament, right?
It's like, Jesus is all I need.
I read the Gospels, the, you know, the Beatitudes, all the Sermon on the Mount, but don't tell me Paul.
See, well, think of all the marvelous truths God has brought to us through the pen of the Apostle Paul that she would just write right down her life.
Don't do that.
Don't just have your favorite parts.
Don't just have the five verses that are on your refrigerator.
Say, these are the ones.
You got the whole book here.
Continue to investigate it.
Continue to have your heart open to every new nugget of truth that you discover or somebody shares with you.
And let God say, there's a noble one.
There is a noble believer.
And let him be proud.
Heavenly Father, we thank you for this record in the book of Acts.
One little church that we really never hear of again.
Paul didn't write a letter to the Bereans.
Jesus in the book of Revelation didn't make any comment or send the letter to the Berean church.
We just have these three verses.
And yet you tell us that they are more, more noble than some,
and probably most noble of all.
Help us to be like them.
For the Spirit that stirred their hearts is the Spirit that stirs ours.
Thank you, Father, for your Word, for your church, for those who faithfully through the years have just grabbed a hold of your truth and treasured it.
May we do that more and more and more for we ask it in Jesus' name.
We hope this message has inspired you to live the Sun Life together with us.
If you are near Apple Valley, California this weekend, we invite you to join us in person Sunday morning or through our live broadcast.
All the details are on our website at sunlifecommunitychurch.com.